feat(graphos): add lattice troubleshooting instructions (#554)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/basics/routing/cloud-dedicated/lattice.mdx

#### I want to use AWS VPC Lattice within my own organization. Can I still use Lattice for private subgraphs?

Yes. Cloud Dedicated will associate your Lattice services with its own service network, and you can associate a Lattice service with multiple service networks. You can also create multiple Lattice target groups or Lattice services for the same load balancer, IP addresses, Lambda functions, or other resources supported by Lattice target groups.

> ## Troubleshooting instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting guide
```

> ### Enable Subgraph Error Inclusion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable subgraph error inclusion
```

> To simplify troubleshooting connection issues to AWS VPC Lattice, we recommend you enable subgraph error inclusions in the settings page for your graph variant. This will allow you to see error messages generated by your subgraphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify troubleshooting connection issues to AWS VPC Lattice, we recommend you enable subgraph error inclusions for your graph variant by setting `include_subgraph_errors`. This will allow you to see error messages generated by your subgraphs.
```

1. Go to [GraphOS Studio](https://studio.apollographql.com?referrer=docs-content).

> 2. Navigate to the settings page for your graph variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the Settings page for your graph variant.
```

<img
  className="screenshot"
  alt="GraphOS Studio variant page"
  src="../../../img/cloud-dedicated/studio-variant-page.png"
/>

> 3. In the menu on the left, click on **Settings**, then on **Cloud Router** to access the GraphOS Cloud settings page.

Reviewer: If accepted, apply to other occurrences of `in the menu on the left`

```suggestion
3. In the left sidebar menu, click on **Settings**, then on **Cloud Router** to access the GraphOS Cloud settings page.
```

<img
  className="screenshot"
  alt="GraphOS Studio Cloud Router settings page"
  src="../../../img/cloud-dedicated/studio-settings-page.png"
/>

> 4. In the **Router configuration YAML** section, ensure that the following configuration block is present:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Router configuration YAML** section, ensure that the following configuration block that sets `include_subgraph_errors` is present:
```

```yaml
include_subgraph_errors:
  all: true
```

5. Click on the **Save** button in the top right corner of that section.

<img
  className="screenshot"
  alt="GraphOS Studio Router configuration YAML"
  src="../../../img/cloud-dedicated/router-yaml-subgraph-errors.png"
/>

> This will trigger a new launch. Please wait for a few minutes for your Cloud Router to update with this new configuration.

Reviewer: Suggestion: describe checking the launch status in Studio under `Launches`

> Once you have identified and resolved the underlying issue, we recommend you to disable subgraph errors by removing the block and saving the Router configuration YAML again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have identified and resolved the underlying issue, we recommend you to disable subgraph errors by removing the block that sets `include_subgraph_errors` and saving the Router configuration YAML again.
```
